So nice, thank you very much. Thats really nice. Thank you. Its great to be at Trump Tower. Its great to be in a wonderful city, New York. And its an honor to have everybody here. This is beyond anybodys expectations. Theres been no crowd like this.
And, I can tell, some of the candidates, they went in. They didnt know the air-conditioner didnt work. They sweated like dogs.
They didnt know the room was too big, because they didnt have anybody there. How are they going to beat ISIS? I dont think its gonna happen.
Our country is in serious trouble. We dont have victories anymore. We used to have victories, but we dont have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, lets say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time.
When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesnt exist, folks. They beat us all the time.
When do we beat Mexico at the border? Theyre laughing at us, at our stupidity. And now they are beating us economically. They are not our friend, believe me. But theyre killing us economically.
The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody elses problems.
Thank you. Its true, and these are the best and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, theyre not sending their best. Theyre not sending you. Theyre not sending you. Theyre sending people that have lots of problems, and theyre bringing those problems with us. Theyre bringing drugs. Theyre bringing crime. Theyre rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.
But I speak to border guards and they tell us what were getting. And it only makes common sense. It only makes common sense. Theyre sending us not the right people.
Its coming from more than Mexico. Its coming from all over South and Latin America, and its coming probably probably from the Middle East. But we dont know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we dont know whats happening. And its got to stop and its got to stop fast.
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East. Theyve become rich. Im in competition with them.
They just built a hotel in Syria. Can you believe this? They built a hotel. When I have to build a hotel, I pay interest. They dont have to pay interest, because they took the oil that, when we left Iraq, I said we shouldve taken.
So now ISIS has the oil, and what they dont have, Iran has. And in 19 and I will tell you this, and I said it very strongly, years ago, I said and I love the military, and I want to have the strongest military that weve ever had, and we need it more now than ever. But I said, Dont hit Iraq, because youre going to totally destabilize the Middle East. Iran is going to take over the Middle East, Iran and somebody else will get the oil, and it turned out that Iran is now taking over Iraq. Think of it. Iran is taking over Iraq, and theyre taking it over big league.
We spent $2 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. We lost thousands of lives, thousands in Iraq. We have wounded soldiers, who I love, I love  theyre great  all over the place, thousands and thousands of wounded soldiers.
And we have nothing. We cant even go there. We have nothing. And every time we give Iraq equipment, the first time a bullet goes off in the air, they leave it.
Sen. Ted Cruz kicked off his campaign for 2016 Republican presidential nomination at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Va. on March 23.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced her campaign in a YouTube video posted April 12 that has been seen nearly 4.5 million times. One boy featured in the video boasted about playing a fish in a school play.

Last week, I read 2,300 Humvees these are big vehicles were left behind for the enemy. 2,000? You would say maybe two, maybe four? 2,300 sophisticated vehicles, they ran, and the enemy took them.
Last quarter, it was just announced our gross domestic product a sign of strength, right? But not for us. It was below zero. Whoever heard of this? Its never below zero.
Our labor participation rate was the worst since 1978. But think of it, GDP below zero, horrible labor participation rate.
And our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Dont believe the 5.6. Dont believe it.
Thats right. A lot of people up there cant get jobs. They cant get jobs, because there are no jobs, because China has our jobs and Mexico has our jobs. They all have jobs.
But the real number, the real number is anywhere from 18 to 19 and maybe even 21 percent, and nobody talks about it, because its a statistic thats full of nonsense.
Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger by the way, and we as a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesnt work.
It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They dont know if it worked. And I thought it was horrible when it was broadcast on television, because boy, does that send signals to Putin and all of the other people that look at us and they say, That is a group of people, and that is a nation that truly has no clue. They dont know what theyre doing. They dont know what theyre doing.
We have a disaster called the big lie: Obamacare. Obamacare.
Yesterday, it came out that costs are going for people up 29, 39, 49, and even 55 percent, and deductibles are through the roof. You have to be hit by a tractor, literally, a tractor, to use it, because the deductibles are so high, its virtually useless. Its virtually useless. It is a disaster.
And remember the $5 billion website? $5 billion we spent on a website, and to this day it doesnt work. A $5 billion website.
I have so many websites, I have them all over the place. I hire people, they do a website. It costs me $3. $5 billion website.
Well, you need somebody, because politicians are all talk, no action. Nothings gonna get done. They will not bring us believe me to the promised land. They will not.
As an example, Ive been on the circuit making speeches, and I hear my fellow Republicans. And theyre wonderful people. I like them. They all want me to support them. They dont know how to bring it about. They come up to my office. Im meeting with three of them in the next week. And they dont know Are you running? Are you not running? Could we have your support? What do we do? How do we do it?
I like them. And I hear their speeches. And they dont talk jobs and they dont talk China. When was the last time you heard China is killing us? Theyre devaluing their currency to a level that you wouldnt believe. It makes it impossible for our companies to compete, impossible. Theyre killing us.
But you dont hear that from anybody else. You dont hear it from anybody else. And I watch the speeches.
I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen. And people are saying, Whats going on? I just want a job. Just get me a job. I dont need the rhetoric. I want a job.
And thats whats happening. And its going to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in 16, 2016. Obama is going to be out playing golf. He might be on one of my courses. I would invite him, I actually would say. I have the best courses in the world, so Id say, you what, if he wants to I have one right next to the White House, right on the Potomac. If hed like to play, thats fine.
In fact, Id love him to leave early and play, that would be a very good thing.
But Obamacare kicks in in 2016. Really big league. It is going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting. I have a friend whos a doctor, and he said to me the other day, Donald, I never saw anything like it. I have more accountants than I have nurses. Its a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They had a plan that was good. They have no plan now.
We have to repeal Obamacare, and it can be and and it can be replaced with something much better for everybody. Let it be for everybody. But much better and much less expensive for people and for the government. And we can do it.
So Ive watched the politicians. Ive dealt with them all my life. If you cant make a good deal with a politician, then theres something wrong with you. Youre certainly not very good. And thats what we have representing us. They will never make America great again. They dont even have a chance. Theyre controlled fully theyre controlled fully by the lobbyists, by the donors, and by the special interests, fully.
Yes, they control them. Hey, I have lobbyists. I have to tell you. I have lobbyists that can produce anything for me. Theyre great. But you know what? it wont happen. It wont happen. Because we have to stop doing things for some people, but for this country, its destroying our country. We have to stop, and it has to stop now.
Now, our country needs our country needs a truly great leader, and we need a truly great leader now. We need a leader that wrote The Art of the Deal.
We need a leader that can bring back our jobs, can bring back our manufacturing, can bring back our military, can take care of our vets. Our vets have been abandoned.
And we also need a cheerleader.
You know, when President Obama was elected, I said, Well, the one thing, I think hell do well. I think hell be a great cheerleader for the country. I think hed be a great spirit.
He was vibrant. He was young. I really thought that he would be a great cheerleader.
Hes not a leader. Thats true. Youre right about that.
But he wasnt a cheerleader. Hes actually a negative force. Hes been a negative force. He wasnt a cheerleader; he was the opposite.
We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. Its not great again.
We need we need somebody we need somebody that literally will take this country and make it great again. We can do that.
And, I will tell you, I love my life. I have a wonderful family. Theyre saying, Dad, youre going to do something thats going to be so tough.
You know, all of my life, Ive heard that a truly successful person, a really, really successful person and even modestly successful cannot run for public office. Just cant happen. And yet thats the kind of mindset that you need to make this country great again.
So ladies and gentlemenI am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again.
It can happen. Our country has tremendous potential. We have tremendous people.
We have people that arent working. We have people that have no incentive to work. But theyre going to have incentive to work, because the greatest social program is a job. And theyll be proud, and theyll love it, and theyll make much more than they wouldve ever made, and theyll be theyll be doing so well, and were going to be thriving as a country, thriving. It can happen.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I tell you that.
Ill bring back our jobs from China, from Mexico, from Japan, from so many places. Ill bring back our jobs, and Ill bring back our money.
Right now, think of this: We owe China $1.3 trillion. We owe Japan more than that. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, and then they loan us back the money, and we pay them in interest, and then the dollar goes up so their deals even better.
How stupid are our leaders? How stupid are these politicians to allow this to happen? How stupid are they?
Im going to tell you thank you. Im going to tell you a couple of stories about trade, because Im totally against the trade bill for a number of reasons.
Number one, the people negotiating dont have a clue. Our president doesnt have a clue. Hes a bad negotiator.
Hes the one that did Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl, they get five killer terrorists that everybody wanted over there.
We get Bergdahl. We get a traitor. We get a no-good traitor, and they get the five people that they wanted for years, and those people are now back on the battlefield trying to kill us. Thats the negotiator we have.
Take a look at the deal hes making with Iran. He makes that deal, Israel maybe wont exist very long. Its a disaster, and we have to protect Israel. But
So we need people Im a free trader. But the problem with free trade is you need really talented people to negotiate for you. If you dont have talented people, if you dont have great leadership, if you dont have people that know business, not just a political hack that got the job because he made a contribution to a campaign, which is the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade terrible.
Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people, but we have people that are stupid. We have people that arent smart. And we have people that are controlled by special interests. And its just not going to work.
So, heres a couple of stories happened recently. A friend of mine is a great manufacturer. And, you know, China comes over and they dump all their stuff, and I buy it. I buy it, because, frankly, I have an obligation to buy it, because they devalue their currency so brilliantly, they just did it recently, and nobody thought they could do it again.
But with all our problems with Russia, with all our problems with everything everything, they got away with it again. And its impossible for our people here to compete.
So I want to tell you this story. A friend of mine whos a great manufacturer, calls me up a few weeks ago. Hes very upset. I said, Whats your problem?
He said, You know, I make great product.
And I said, I know. I know that because I buy the product.
He said, I cant get it into China. They wont accept it. I sent a boat over and they actually sent it back. They talked about environmental, they talked about all sorts of crap that had nothing to do with it.
I said, Oh, wait a minute, thats terrible. Does anyone know this?
He said, Yeah, they do it all the time with other people.
I said, They send it back?
Yeah. So I finally got it over there and they charged me a big tariff. Theyre not supposed to be doing that. I told them.
Now, they do charge you tariff on trucks, when we send trucks and other things over there.
Ask Boeing. They wanted Boeings secrets. They wanted their patents and all their secrets before they agreed to buy planes from Boeing.
Hey, Im not saying theyre stupid. I like China. I sell apartments for I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China. Am I supposed to dislike them? I own a big chunk of the Bank of America Building at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, that I got from China in a war. Very valuable.
I love China. The biggest bank in the world is from China. You know where their United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower. I love China. People say, Oh, you dont like China?
No, I love them. But their leaders are much smarter than our leaders, and we cant sustain ourself with that. Theres too much its like its like take the New England Patriots and Tom Brady and have them play your high school football team. Thats the difference between Chinas leaders and our leaders.
They are ripping us. We are rebuilding China. Were rebuilding many countries. China, you go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never saw anything like it. They have bridges that make the George Washington Bridge look like small potatoes. And theyre all over the place.
We have all the cards, but we dont know how to use them. We dont even know that we have the cards, because our leaders dont understand the game. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly.
Now theyre going militarily. Theyre building a military island in the middle of the South China sea. A military island. Now, our country could never do that because wed have to get environmental clearance, and the environmentalist wouldnt let our country we would never build in an ocean. They built it in about one year, this massive military port.
Theyre building up their military to a point that is very scary. You have a problem with ISIS. You have a bigger problem with China.
And, in my opinion, the new China, believe it or not, in terms of trade, is Mexico.
So this man tells me about the manufacturing. I say, Thats a terrible story. I hate to hear it.
But I have another one, Ford.
So Mexico takes a company, a car company that was going to build in Tennessee, rips it out. Everybody thought the deal was dead. Reported it in the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought it was a done deal. Its going in and thats going to be it, going into Tennessee. Great state, great people.
All of a sudden, at the last moment, this big car manufacturer, foreign, announces theyre not going to Tennessee. Theyre gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico instead. Not good.
Now, Ford announces a few weeks ago that Ford is going to build a $2.5 billion car and truck and parts manufacturing plant in Mexico. $2.5 billion, its going to be one of the largest in the world. Ford. Good company.
So I announced that Im running for president. I would
 one of the early things I would do, probably before I even got in and I wouldnt even use you know, I have I know the smartest negotiators in the world. I know the good ones. I know the bad ones. I know the overrated ones.
You get a lot of them that are overrated. Theyre not good. They think they are. They get good stories, because the newspapers get buffaloed. But theyre not good.
But I know the negotiators in the world, and I put them one for each country. Believe me, folks. We will do very, very well, very, very well.
But I wouldnt even waste my time with this one. I would call up the head of Ford, who I know. If I was president, Id say, Congratulations. I understand that youre building a nice $2.5 billion car factory in Mexico and that youre going to take your cars and sell them to the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border.
And you say to yourself, How does that help us, right? How does that help us? Where is that good? Its not.
So I would say, Congratulations. Thats the good news. Let me give you the bad news. Every car and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, were going to charge you a 35-percent tax, and that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction, and thats it.
Now, heres what is going to happen. If its not me in the position, its one of these politicians that were running against, you know, the 400 people that were (inaudible). And heres whats going to happen. Theyre not so stupid. They know its not a good thing, and they may even be upset by it. But then theyre going to get a call from the donors or probably from the lobbyist for Ford and say, You cant do that to Ford, because Ford takes care of me and I take care of you, and you cant do that to Ford.
And guess what? No problem. Theyre going to build in Mexico. Theyre going to take away thousands of jobs. Its very bad for us.
So under President Trump, heres what would happen:
The head of Ford will call me back, I would say within an hour after I told them the bad news. But it could be hed want to be cool, and hell wait until the next day. You know, they want to be a little cool.
And hell say, Please, please, please. Hell beg for a little while, and Ill say, No interest. Then hell call all sorts of political people, and Ill say, Sorry, fellas. No interest, because I dont need anybodys money. Its nice. I dont need anybodys money.
Im using my own money. Im not using the lobbyists. Im not using donors. I dont care. Im really rich. I (inaudible).
And by the way, Im not even saying thats the kind of mindset, thats the kind of thinking you need for this country.
So because we got to make the country rich.
It sounds crass. Somebody said, Oh, thats crass. Its not crass.
We got $18 trillion in debt. We got nothing but problems.
We got a military that needs equipment all over the place. We got nuclear weapons that are obsolete.
Weve got nothing. Weve got Social Security thats going to be destroyed if somebody like me doesnt bring money into the country. All these other people want to cut the hell out of it. Im not going to cut it at all; Im going to bring money in, and were going to save it.
But heres whats going to happen:
After Im called by 30 friends of mine who contributed to different campaigns, after Im called by all of the special interests and by the the donors and by the lobbyists and they have zero chance at convincing me, zero Ill get a call the next day from the head of Ford. Hell say. Please reconsider, Ill say no.
Hell say, Mr. President, weve decided to move the plant back to the United States, and were not going to build it in Mexico. Thats it. They have no choice. They have no choice.
There are hundreds of things like that. Ill give you another example.
Saudi Arabia, they make $1 billion a day. $1 billion a day. I love the Saudis. Many are in this building. They make a billion dollars a day. Whenever they have problems, we send over the ships. We say were gonna protect. What are we doing? Theyve got nothing but money.
If the right person asked them, theyd pay a fortune. They wouldnt be there except for us.
And believe me, you look at the border with Yemen. You remember Obama a year ago, Yemen was a great victory. Two weeks later, the place was blown up. Everybody got out and they kept our equipment.
They always keep our equipment. We ought to send used equipment, right? They always keep our equipment. We ought to send some real junk, because, frankly, it would be we ought to send our surplus. Were always losing this gorgeous brand-new stuff.
But look at that border with Saudi Arabia. Do you really think that these people are interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia without us is gone. Theyre gone.
And Im the one that made all of the right predictions about Iraq. You know, all of these politicians that Im running against now its so nice to say Im running as opposed to if I run, if I run. Im running.
But all of these politicians that Im running against now, theyre trying to disassociate. I mean, you looked at Bush, it took him five days to answer the question on Iraq. He couldnt answer the question. He didnt know. I said, Is he intelligent?
Then I looked at Rubio. He was unable to answer the question, is Iraq a good thing or bad thing? He didnt know. He couldnt answer the question.
How are these people gonna lead us? How are we gonna how are we gonna go back and make it great again? We cant. They dont have a clue. They cant lead us. They cant. They cant even answer simple questions. It was terrible.
But Saudi Arabia is in big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other things, the oil is all over the place. And I used to say it, there are ships at sea, and this was during the worst crisis, that were loaded up with oil, and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they were smarter than our leaders. They were smarter than our leaders.
There is so much wealth out there that can make our country so rich again, and therefore make it great again. Because we need money. Were dying. Were dying. We need money. We have to do it. And we need the right people.
So Ford will come back. Theyll all come back. And I will say this, this is going to be an election, in my opinion, thats based on competence.
Somebody said  thank you, darlin.
Somebody said to me the other day, a reporter, a very nice reporter, But, Mr. Trump, youre not a nice person.
Thats true. But actually I am. I think I am a nice person. People that know me, like me. Does my family like me? I think so, right. Look at my family. Im proud of my family.
By the way, speaking of my family, Melania, Barron, Kai, Donnie, Don, Vanessa, Tiffany, Evanka did a great job. Did she do a great job?
Great. Jared, Laura and Eric, Im very proud of my family. Theyre a great family.
So the reporter said to me the other day, But, Mr. Trump, youre not a nice person. How can you get people to vote for you?
I said, I dont know. I said, I think that number one, I am a nice person. I give a lot of money away to charities and other things. I think Im actually a very nice person.
But, I said, This is going to be an election thats based on competence, because people are tired of these nice people. And theyre tired of being ripped off by everybody in the world. And theyre tired of spending more money on education than any nation in the world per capita, than any nation in the world, and we are 26th in the world, 25 countries are better than us in education. And some of them are like third world countries. But were becoming a third word country, because of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So one of the things I did, and I said, you know what Ill do. Ill do it. Because a lot of people said, Hell never run. Number one, he wont want to give up his lifestyle.
Theyre right about that, but Im doing it.
Number two, Im a private company, so nobody knows what Im worth. And the one thing is that when you run, you have to announce and certify to all sorts of governmental authorities your net worth.
So I said, Thats OK. Im proud of my net worth. Ive done an amazing job.
I started off thank you I started off in a small office with my father in Brooklyn and Queens, and my father said  and I love my father. I learned so much. He was a great negotiator. I learned so much just sitting at his feet playing with blocks listening to him negotiate with subcontractors. But I learned a lot.
But he used to say, Donald, dont go into Manhattan. Thats the big leagues. We dont know anything about that. Dont do it.
I said, I gotta go into Manhattan. I gotta build those big buildings. I gotta do it, Dad. Ive gotta do it.
And after four or five years in Brooklyn, I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot of great deals the Grand Hyatt Hotel. I was responsible for the convention center on the west side. I did a lot of great deals, and I did them early and young. And now Im building all over the world, and I love what Im doing.
But they all said, a lot of the pundits on television, Well, Donald will never run, and one of the main reasons is hes private and hes probably not as successful as everybody thinks.
So I said to myself, you know, nobodys ever going to know unless I run, because Im really proud of my success. I really am.
Ive employed Ive employed tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. That means medical. That means education. That means everything.
So a large accounting firm and my accountants have been working for months, because its big and complex, and theyve put together a statement, a financial statement, just a summary. But everything will be filed eventually with the government, and we dont [use] extensions or anything. Well be filing it right on time. We dont need anything.
And it was even reported incorrectly yesterday, because they said, He had assets of $9 billion. So I said, No, thats the wrong number. Thats the wrong number. Not assets.
So they put together this. And before I say it, I have to say this. I made it the old-fashioned way. Its real estate. You know, its real estate.
Its labor, and its unions good and some bad and lots of people that arent in unions, and its all over the place and building all over the world.
And I have assets big accounting firm, one of the most highly respected 9 billion 240 million dollars.
And I have liabilities of about $500 million. Thats long-term debt, very low interest rates.
In fact, one of the big banks came to me and said, Donald, you dont have enough borrowings. Could we loan you $4 billion? I said, I dont need it. I dont want it. And Ive been there. I dont want it.
But in two seconds, they give me whatever I wanted. So I have a total net worth, and now with the increase, itll be well-over $10 billion. But here, a total net worth ofnet worth, not assets, not a net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest assets Trump Tower, 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Bank of America building in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the Trump building right opposite the New York many other places all over the world.
So the total is $8,737,540,00.
Now Im not doing that
Im not doing that to brag, because you know what? I dont have to brag. I dont have to, believe it or not.
Im doing that to say that thats the kind of thinking our country needs. We need that thinking. We have the opposite thinking.
We have losers. We have losers. We have people that dont have it. We have people that are morally corrupt. We have people that are selling this country down the drain.
So I put together this statement, and the only reason Im telling you about it today is because we really do have to get going, because if we have another three or four years you know, were at $8 trillion now. Were soon going to be at $20 trillion.
According to the economists who Im not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is what theyre saying that $24 trillion were very close thats the point of no return. $24 trillion. We will be there soon. Thats when we become Greece. Thats when we become a country thats unsalvageable. And were gonna be there very soon. Were gonna be there very soon.
So, just to sum up, I would do various things very quickly. I would repeal and replace the big lie, Obamacare.
I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and Ill build them very inexpensively, I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.
Mark my words.
Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. Nobody.
I will find  within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur, I will find the right guy. I will find the guy thats going to take that military and make it really work. Nobody, nobody will be pushing us around.
I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we wont be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has absolutely no concept of negotiation, whos making a horrible and laughable deal, whos just being tapped along as they make weapons right now, and then goes into a bicycle race at 72 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. I wont be doing that. And I promise I will never be in a bicycle race. That I can tell you.
I will immediately terminate President Obamas illegal executive order on immigration, immediately.
Fully support and back up the Second Amendment.
Now, its very interesting. Today I heard it. Through stupidity, in a very, very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious murderers, two vicious people escaped, and nobody knows where they are. And a woman was on television this morning, and she said, You know, Mr. Trump, and she was telling other people, and I actually called her, and she said, You know, Mr. Trump, I always was against guns. I didnt want guns. And now since this happened its up in the prison area my husband and I are finally in agreement, because he wanted the guns. We now have a gun on every table. Were ready to start shooting.
I said, Very interesting.
So protect the Second Amendment.
End end Common Core. Common Core should it is a disaster. Bush is totally in favor of Common Core. I dont see how he can possibly get the nomination. Hes weak on immigration. Hes in favor of Common Core. How the hell can you vote for this guy? You just cant do it. We have to end education has to be local.
Rebuild the countrys infrastructure.
Nobody can do that like me. Believe me. It will be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below what anyone ever thought.
I look at the roads being built all over the country, and I say I can build those things for one-third. What they do is unbelievable, how bad.
You know, were building on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office, were converting it into one of the worlds great hotels. Its gonna be the best hotel in Washington, D.C. We got it from the General Services Administration in Washington. The Obama administration. We got it. It was the most highly sought after or one of them, but I think the most highly sought after project in the history of General Services. We got it. People were shocked, Trump got it.
Well, I got it for two reasons. Number one, were really good. Number two, we had a really good plan. And Ill add in the third, we had a great financial statement. Because the General Services, who are terrific people, by the way, and talented people, they wanted to do a great job. And they wanted to make sure it got built.
So we have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roadways, our airports. You come into La Guardia Airport, its like were in a third world country. You look at the patches and the 40-year-old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they throw.
You look at these airports, we are like a third world country. And I come in from China and I come in from Qatar and I come in from different places, and they have the most incredible airports in the world. You come to back to this country and you have LAX, disaster. You have all of these disastrous airports. We have to rebuild our infrastructure.
Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it.
Get rid of the fraud. Get rid of the waste and abuse, but save it. People have been paying it for years. And now many of these candidates want to cut it. You save it by making the United States, by making us rich again, by taking back all of the money thats being lost.
Renegotiate our foreign trade deals.
Reduce our $18 trillion in debt, because, believe me, were in a bubble. We have artificially low interest rates. We have a stock market that, frankly, has been good to me, but I still hate to see whats happening. We have a stock market that is so bloated.
Be careful of a bubble because what youve seen in the past might be small potatoes compared to what happens. So be very, very careful.
And strengthen our military and take care of our vets. So, so important.
Sadly, the American dream is dead.
But if I get elected president I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and we will make America great again.
